Documentation Standard Updates (#133)
fivetran/dbt_netsuite: README.md

</p>

# Netsuite Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_netsuite/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Netsuite data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/netsuite) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/netsuite#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Netsuite source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_netsuite_source).
- Enables users to insights into their netsuite data that can be used for financial statement reporting and deeper transactional analysis. This is achieved by the following:
    - Recreating both the balance sheet and income statement
    - Recreating commonly used data by using the transaction lines as the base table and joining other data
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Netsuite data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_netsuite/).

<!--section="netsuite_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_netsuite/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_netsuite/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```
